docs(rts): fix docs issues. (#1031)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/resources/rts_stack_v1.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the RTS stack resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this will create a new RTS stack resource.

> * `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) A unique name for the stack. The value must meet the regular expression rule
>   (`^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_.-]{0,254}$`). Changing this creates a new stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the resource stack.
  The valid length is limited from can contain 1 to 64, only letters, digits and hyphens (-) are allowed.
  The name must start with a lowercase letter and end with a lowercase letter or digit.
  Changing this creates a new stack.
```
